Added marking add-ons as deprecated (#949)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/aws.md

weight: 31
title: "AWS Add-On"
addOn: "aws"
isDeprecated: true
---

## Deprecation Notice

### This add-on is deprecated.

> kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on in kURL starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully deprecated after April 31st 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully removed after April 31st 2023.
```

> As of March 27, 2023, kURL no longer intends to continue to offer this add-on as part of the ongoing kURL project. This add-on is now considered deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after April 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AWS add-on is deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after April 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window.
```
